[Andra Day's "Rise Up"]
- ♪ You're broken down
and tired ♪
♪ Of living life ♪
♪ On a merry-go-round ♪
♪ And you can't find
the fighter ♪
♪ But I see it in you ♪
♪ So we gonna walk it out ♪
♪ And move ♪
♪ Mountains ♪
♪ We gonna walk it out ♪
♪ And move ♪
♪ Mountains ♪
- Mo, do you think you can--
- Uh-uh.
- Okay.
- ♪ And I'll rise up ♪
♪ I'll rise like the day ♪
♪ I'll rise up ♪
♪ I'll rise unafraid! ♪
♪ I'll rise up! ♪
♪ And I'll do it
a thousand times ♪
♪ Again ♪
- Why are you doing this to me?
- Because it is your first day
back at work,
and I am biggest supporter
and cheerleader,
so come on, girl, get up!
Zoey, come on.
[claps]
Girl, you better get up.
- Fine.
We can do this.
[sighs]
I can do this, right?
- Are you kidding me?
Of course you can do this.
You got this.
Come on.
Okay, now put on something
bright and uplifting
because this whole
black thing--
- Doesn't work for me, does it?
- No, honey.
You look like a sad
Emma Stone Halloween costume.
[energetic music]
♪ ♪
Here's the good news.
She's out of bed,
she didn't put up a fight,
and she's putting clothes on
as we speak.
- You don't think
it's too soon, do you?
- It has been six weeks,
Mag-pie.
- I'm just concerned because
she never leaves the house,
she barely interacts
with anyone,
as much as two gentlemen
in her life have tried,
but God bless both
Simon and Max
for looking out for her,
and you too.
You're a good friend, Mo.
[door clicks open]
- Oh.
- [baby cooing]
- Well, good morning.
- Oh, is it morning?
'Cause we don't
really understand
the concept of time anymore.
- But we are getting
very comfortable
with the concept of spit-up.
- New parents.
- Why are you bouncing your
baby up and down like that?
- I'm doing this because it
seems to be the only way
to get Miles to fall asleep.
Wanna take over?
- No, I'm good.
Thank you.
- Whoa, look who got dressed
and came out of her bedroom.
- David.
- No, wait, what?
I meant that in a nice way.
- Well, how do I look then?
- Approachable.
- Happy.
- Check this out.
- Hi, My-My.
[baby cooing]
Hi.
- Hello.
- [sighs]
Okay.
Wish me luck.
- Hey, good luck, Zoe.
You'll be great.
- Say hi to a job for me.
- Hey, listen,
everything's gonna be
fine today.
You are strong,
you are capable,
you are resilient,
and I'm very proud of you.
You hear me?
Okay.
[warm music]
♪ ♪
- I told Max I'd meet him
for a coffee before work.
- Mmm.
- It's been a couple weeks
since his last
surprise drop-by.
- Any new update on you two?
- Nope, avoidance has been
a glorious thing.
It allowed me not to deal
with anyone or anything.
- Including your powers?
- You know that I haven't heard
a single heart song since...
My dad.
- I'm aware,
but I'm also desperately hoping
these powers come back
before I lose interest in you.
But be honest, come on,
you miss them just
a little bit, don't you?
- I mean, honestly,
the world has been upside down
for so long,
all I want is to feel normal.
So if the powers
really have gone away,
I mostly feel relieved.
- Mmm.
Cute car.
[upbeat music]
- Oh, hey, since it's
your first day back at work,
I wanted to get you something.
- Oh, Max, I...
- Relax, killer,
I'm not proposing.
Just open it.
It's a shield
with a musical note on it.
I actually had them
reverse the note
so it looks a little bit
more like a Z.
I just thought after everything
you'd want a little
extra strength
to shield you from the world,
you know, when you need it.
- Okay, please tell me
you bought this from a magical
antique dealer in Chinatown.
- I actually did,
so whatever you do,
do not get it wet.
Seriously.
- Never, I won't.
- Okay.
- [whispering]
Am I invisible now?
- [laughs]
- No?
- No.
- Okay, well, then maybe it can
help shield me from bullets.
- [laughs]
- Pew, pew, pew, pew, pew,
pew, pew, pew, pew, pew.
- Okay, it was meant
as a metaphor.
I can return it if you'd like
a literal gift.
- No, no, no, no, no!
I love it.
I truly--
Sorry.
I want to apologize
for not being available lately.
I just needed time to process
everything that's happened
in the past year.
- And have you come
to any profound conclusions?
- Life's not fair.
Nothing makes sense.
There's no meaning
to any of it.
What about you?
Did unemployment offer you
any clarity?
- Well, I'm not
really unemployed.
I've been busy
working on some
big business concepts
trying to create
the ultimate unicorn company.
It's just taking some time.
- That's great.
You wanna talk about it?
- Well, it's a little nascent,
so I'd rather wait to give you
a full presentation...
- Sure, sure.
- When it's ready,
which should be any day now.
Any day.
[warm music]
- It is really nice
to be back out in the world,
breathing fresh air.
Guess you can't hide forever.
Unless...
[upbeat music]
- Zoey?
Zoey?
- [laughing]
- Hey, where'd you go?
[laughter]
- It works.
[elevator dings]
- Wait, hold that door.
Look at this!
She's here.
I was this close to putting in
a call to missing persons.
- I know, I should have
returned a few more texts, huh?
- Kay, look,
I'm the last person
you need to apologize to.
I'm just glad you're back
amongst the living.
All right?
And I know I've said this,
like, 100 times,
but I'm here to help,
just like you helped me.
Whatever you're going through.
- Thanks.
[dings]
But for today,
I'm just gonna lay low,
keep to myself,
not attract a lot of attentio--
- ♪ Hello, Dolly ♪
♪ Well, hello, Dolly ♪
♪ It's so nice to have you ♪
♪ Back where you belong ♪
- No, no, no, no, no.
- ♪ You're looking swell,
Dolly ♪
♪ We can tell, Dolly ♪
♪ You're still glowin' ♪
♪ You're still crowin' ♪
♪ You're still goin' strong ♪
- ♪ We feel the room swayin' ♪
- ♪ For the band's playin' ♪
all: ♪ One of your
old favorite songs ♪
♪ From way back when ♪
♪ So take her wrap ♪
♪ Fellas ♪
- I'm--I'm good, thanks.
all: ♪ Find her an empty lap,
fellas ♪
- Again, all good.
all: ♪ Dolly'll never
go away again ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Well, hello, Dolly ♪
♪ It's so nice
to have you back ♪
♪ Where you belong ♪
♪ You're looking swell ♪
♪ Dolly ♪
♪ We can tell, Dolly ♪
♪ You're still glowin',
you're still crowin' ♪
♪ You're still goin' strong ♪
♪ We feel the ♪
♪ Room swayin' ♪
♪ For the band's playin' ♪
♪ One of your ♪
♪ Old fav'rite songs ♪
♪ From 'way back when ♪
♪ So ♪
♪ Golly gee, fellas ♪
♪ Find her a vacant knee,
fellas ♪
♪ Dolly'll never go away ♪
♪ Again ♪
- Great.
My powers are back.
I am forever--
[rock music]
♪ ♪
[dog barking]
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- Hi!
- Oh!
- I can't believe you're here.
- I am.
And you are?
- Oh, sorry, I'm George.
[laughs]
I'm the new--
- Max.
- Essentially.
I can never be Max, you know?
[laughs]
I'm like Max-lite.
Diet Max.
You know, whatever he is,
I'm the less-than sign,
you know?
He left a huge footprint.
- We were all very sad
to see him go.
- Well, I was sad
to see you go.
Oh, that's weird.
Eh, we just met.
[laughs]
You know,
what I meant to say was,
"It's so nice to have you
back at Sprqpoint."
I've been ripping off the days
on my "Far Side" desk calendar
just, "When is she
getting back here?
When?"
[laughs]
It must be really hard
to be back.
- Definitely is.
[laughs]
- Which I wanted to say,
if I may,
I heard what happened
to your dad,
and it is such a horrible,
terrible, unimaginable
family tragedy,
and it's the worst of the worst
of the worst,
but if you ever need
anyone to talk to
or a shoulder to cry on
or even if wanna yell at me.
I'm very used to people
yelling at me
if you want to yell at me.
- I might take you up on that,
George.
Um, I'm gonna go talk to Leif.
Hi.
- Um...
- Hey.
- Hey, you.
Welcome back.
- Thank you.
Um, I have so many questions.
Um, I guess the first would be:
what is going on here?
- Well, since you were gone,
I sort of kind of had
to take over as manager
on, like, an interim basis.
Hence the standing desks.
And you know,
I really needed to hire someone
to replace Max,
hence George.
[dog barks]
- And the dogs are me
just trying to add
a little levity
to the workplace.
[barking]
- I taught him that.
Sup, Zoe, death becomes you.
Love the sweater.
- So guys, what's up with
the whole "no bar" situation?
- Oh, that is just one
of our many budget cuts
that are going on.
- Yeah, dude,
Sprqpoint's broke.
- Why are we broke?
- Ah, Zoey, you're back.
- [sighs]
- Boy, am I glad to see you.
That's not a guilt trip.
I hope you took all the time
you needed.
You look very nice
in that color,
it's just been
a colossal cluster
since Danny Michael Davis
has been under house arrest.
The stocks are falling, the
board is riding me like crazy,
The Chirp is stuck in RND hell,
and don't even ask me
about the Sprq Pants.
- What's up with the Sprq--
- Don't even ask me.
- Right.
- Let me tell you,
being interim CEO of a company
in this much turmoil
is not quite
the dream job I imagined,
however, I do get to do
pretty much whatever I want,
and as such,
I would like to promote you
to Executive Director
of the fourth floor.
- I'm sorry.
What?
- Things are just crazy
around here.
They're changing every day,
and I need someone
in a position of power
who I can trust,
and that someone is you,
sunshine.
- Um, I am flattered,
truly, but I was kind of hoping
to, you know,
like, ease back
into work slowly.
This isn't exactly easing.
- No, this is jumping
in the deep end
during a raging fire
while vultures circle
your head,
and just hoping
that you don't drown,
or get burned, or have
your head pecked to death.
So you'll think about it,
and take a beat,
and just let me know
when you know, okay?
And I hope the answer is yes.
Bye-bye.
- Okay, I believe
I was transferred to you
from someone else.
The bank has asked me
to produce
my marriage license.
Problem is, my husband scanned
the license onto his computer,
and is in his email,
but I can't log into his email
without his password,
so could you maybe, kindly
give me my dead
husband's password?
Yes, I will hold.
How are you doing, sweetie?
- Like, right this second
or in more in a larger context?
- Oh, that sounds bad.
What's going on?
- I think
I'm just having a moment,
and I hate saying that
out loud,
with everything
you're going through.
- Oh, no, none of that.
We're all going through stuff.
You're allowed.
- I'm just used to crushing it,
you know?
- Yeah.
- Like, with everything
in life,
but lately I feel like
this baby is crushing me,
and it's just all a very...
- Well, is David helping you?
- Yeah.
Yeah, as much as he can,
but he's also going through his
own stuff, and I'm just--
- Oh, wait, just--
yes, I'll try.
His first street
was Maplewood.
His first pet was named Buffer.
[baby crying]
Now, come on, do you know
your husband's favorite teacher
in elementary school?
[sighs]
Yes, I'll hold again.
- Anyway, it's just a lot.
- Well, of course it is.
I mean, in the first few months
after you have a baby
are impossible,
and that's without
all the added stuff
that you guys
have on your plate.
I think we all just need
to lean on each other
as much as possible right now.
- I know.
I just--
- What?
No.
I will not be transferred
to somebody else.
Just forget it.
I'll call back.
- That must be so frustrating.
Do you wanna hold Miles
for a bit?
They say new baby smell
is a natural mood lifter.
Not to me but others.
- I will later.
It's just that right now,
I have so much of this Mitch
financial stuff.
It's just endless.
[somber music]
♪ ♪
- Hey, Mom,
I will be home soon.
I just wanna check in with Mo
and have a moment of normalcy
after a very strange
and very busy day.
[cheering and shouting]
Uh, love you.
- Go, go, go, go, go, go!
Oh, my God!
- Oh, oh, oh, boom!
- [laughs]
- Yes!
- Uh, hi.
- Zoey, hey.
- Hey, we're just
watching the game.
- Go sports.
- You're welcome to join,
but you're gonna have
to pick a team.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- So you guys hang out now?
How'd that happen?
- Well, we are all
very concerned about you
after your dad's passing,
- And since you weren't
talking much to any of us,
we started text chains
so that we could
keep each other updated
if you did reach out.
- Those texts turned
more frequent.
- Which is led us
to hang out more.
- And doing
trivia nights together.
- We did a pub crawl once.
- Nothing more.
Unless you count that ski trip
to Lake Tahoe.
- We promise we weren't trying
to keep anything from you.
It just sorta happened.
- Mm-hmm.
- Do you want some wine?
I'm gonna get you some wine.
You look like you need
some wine.
- I'm happy that my grief
brought you guys together.
I'm a little weirded out by it.
- What?
- Why weird?
- Why would that be a thing?
- I don't...
- It's just a little
disconcerting
that two guys I kinda knew
separately are best buds now.
- I can see that.
- Totally fair
and valid reaction,
but a Simon and I
had a bunch of convos
when we were at your mom's,
and we both agree
that we don't want to be in
competition with one another.
- Yeah, we don't.
- You're not a prize.
- Or a commodity to be won.
- You're a human being.
- And we are evolved men
who won't get
into some war over you.
- And that's
the absolute truth.
[Jet's "Are You Gonna
Be My Girl?"]
♪ ♪
- ♪ So one, two, three ♪
♪ Take my hand
and come with me ♪
♪ Because you look so fine ♪
♪ That I really wanna
make you mine ♪
♪ ♪
♪ I say you look so fine ♪
♪ That I really wanna
make you mine ♪
- ♪ Oh, four, five, six,
c'mon and get your kicks ♪
♪ Now you don't need the money
when you look like that ♪
♪ Do ya honey? ♪
♪ Big black boots ♪
- ♪ Long brown hair ♪
both: ♪ She's so sweet ♪
♪ With her get back stare ♪
- ♪ Well, I could see ♪
♪ You home with me ♪
♪ But you were with ♪
♪ Another man, yeah! ♪
- ♪ I know we ain't got ♪
♪ Much to say ♪
♪ Before I let you get away ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
both: I said,
are you gonna be my girl?
♪ Well, so one, two, three,
take my hand and come with me ♪
♪ Because you look so fine that
I really wanna make you mine ♪
- So to sum it up,
we support you.
- We support each other.
- And we wanna keep everything
completely above board.
- Can you excuse me
for a second?
- Zoey, where are you going?
I poured you the good stuff.
- Give it to me.
I'll drink it now.
- Do you wanna tell me
what happened?
- I heard Max and Simon
singing to me, Mo.
- Mmm.
- And this was after hearing
a huge Broadway number
at work this morning.
- So the powers are back.
You're interesting again.
- Joan offered me
this massive promotion.
Suddenly you and Max
and Simon are besties.
Both of those men
are practically
throwing themselves at me,
and I'm just--
I'm not sure that...
I'm not sure I'm ready
for any of it.
- Let me offer you
a bit of perspective.
As tough as it is
to lose your father,
you're going through
what I like to call
"champagne problems."
"I don't know.
"Should I take
the new promotion?
"I don't know where my next
paycheck is coming from.
"Uh, which boy should I choose?
The handsome one
or the more handsome one?"
- Which one is
the more handsome one?
- I'm not telling you which.
Meanwhile, my boyfriend's
out at sea.
We haven't spoken
for 11 days,
so I'm not sure how much longer
this long distance thing
is gonna work out.
- I'm sorry, I really
don't mean to be selfish.
- And I don't mean to be
giving you this tough love
while you're still
going through it,
but we all have our stuff,
Zoey,
and while you were in a bubble
for the last six weeks,
life went on.
So eventually you're gonna
have to stop running away,
keeping people
at an arm's length,
and not making decisions.
Clearly the universe
agrees with me.
[reflective music]
♪ ♪
- Hey, is she all right?
- Oh, she's fine.
She's a little tired
and decided to go back
to her mom's place.
Y'all hungry?
Where should we go to eat?
- Uh, how 'bout Chinese food?
- Oh, I was kind
of craving Mexican.
- And I'm very much
in the mood for Italian.
- Well, you know, with
so many food delivery apps,
we can stay in
and order from all three.
Keep everyone happy?
- Great idea.
- Too bad there's not
a restaurant
where you can order food
from other restaurants.
- Yeah, that'd be great.
- Yeah, I could actually eat
with my vegan friends again.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- Hey, I'm home.
- Hey.
Uh-oh.
Oh, I'm having the hardest time
figuring out your father's
email password,
and I need it, otherwise
I can't close this account.
He was supposed to make this
all clear for me.
So why can't I find anything?
- Here's the good news.
You need an email password?
Are you forgetting
that your daughter
is a professional coder?
[keys clacking]
[beeps]
We're in.
See how easy that was?
- [sighs]
- Okay, so what am I
looking for?
- Um, a folder
that says "financials."
- Found it.
- [sighs]
[soft dramatic music]
- Do you know what this
testimonial thing is?
♪ ♪
- No.
- So...
Mom and I found these videos
on Dad's computer last night.
We didn't look at them yet.
We thought we should all
watch them together.
- Okay.
Amazing.
Here we go.
- My dearest Zoey,
I made a video for you,
your brother,
and your mother.
Dr. Hamara says
that my voice
might be gone...
[coughs]
Soon.
Until then...
[coughs]
Some words of wisdom for...
My daughter.
[coughs]
[mouse clicks]
- I--I don't want to be
reminded of this right now.
It's not helping.
- Maybe we should look at the
other videos just to be sure.
- Really?
- Well, they all look like
they're from different days,
so maybe...
- Okay.
[mouse clicks]
- David.
[somber music]
Since...
you...
are becoming...
♪ ♪
A dad...
- I should get to work.
[dings]
[chatter]
- Zoey!
Have you given any more thought
to my offer?
- I don't have an answer yet.
I'm really sorry, Joan.
I'm still getting my bearings,
and I think I just need
a little bit more time.
- Well, I'm gonna
need an answer.
I mean, the clock is ticking.
- Yep, I will have an answer
for you soon.
I promise.
- I like your sweater.
It's cute that you shop
at Etsy.
[footsteps]
- Hey, Mom.
You okay?
I know it was pretty rough
seeing Dad like that earlier.
- Yeah.
It was weird
hearing his voice too
or what was left of it.
I'd just almost forgotten
those sounds.
- Personally, I was excited
to hear his advice.
I'd love some words of wisdom
from him right now.
- Like how to wrap up
the paperwork
on an entire life.
- Or how to get newborn
to chill out.
- Oh, well, that's easy.
A little chardonnay
on the gums.
It worked on you
like a charm.
- [chuckles]
Hey, um, so,
should we maybe not be here
so much with the baby?
I thought it would be a good
thing for you, Emily, Miles,
but maybe it's not.
- Why would you say that?
- Well, I just don't want him
upsetting you.
Emily sorta mentioned
that you haven't been
holding him very much,
which is totally fine,
it's totally fine.
[kettle whistling]
I just realized that he kind of
has Dad's eyebrows and...
- No he doesn't.
[laughs]
- Yeah, well, maybe soon.
- David, I love you being here,
all of you.
I just am so swamped
getting all of your father's
affairs in order.
It's just--it's so much.
That's all.
[baby crying]
- Guys, guys,
so Danny Michael Davis
has been texting George
for a month,
and last night he tells George
he wants him to go buy a tiger
from an exotic animal trainer
and deliver it
to Tobin's apartment.
[laughter]
- And you weren't suspicious
at all?
- No, I'm very, very gullible.
[laughs]
- So George goes and buys
this actual baby tiger
from some super shady dude.
[laughter]
- It's true!
I even got these scratch marks
to prove it.
- So when finally delivers
this little guy to my place,
I couldn't keep it in anymore.
I had to tell him.
I've been Danny
this whole entire time, bro.
[laughter]
Y'all should've seen the look
on his face.
Took some snaps
with the tiger...
[cell phone buzzing]
And now we're actually
finding it a proper home.
I don't know, maybe
I'm, like, the hero here.
[laughter]
- You okay?
[slams phone down]
Whoa.
- Why is everybody
asking me that?
- I know it's
a little overwhelming
just jumping into
the deep end so that's why.
- Yes, it is.
- You just remember,
I'm right here for--
- Yeah, I know.
- Okay.
[energetic music]
- Hey.
So have you put any thought
into that co-manager
concept I emailed you
about earlier?
I wrote up some talking points
and would love peruse them
if you're game.
- Fine, let's do it.
- Great.
Yeah, if you just wanna follow
me to the conference room.
- I'm gonna go get
a glass of water.
I'm feeling
a little lightheaded.
[Melissa Manchester's
"Don't Cry Out Loud"]
♪ ♪
- ♪ Baby cried the day
the circus came to town ♪
- Oh, no.
Nothing else right now.
- ♪ 'Cause she didn't
want parades ♪
♪ Just passing by her ♪
♪ ♪
♪ So she painted on a smile ♪
♪ And took with some clown ♪
♪ While she danced
without a net ♪
♪ Upon the wire ♪
♪ I know a lot about her ♪
♪ 'Cause, you see ♪
♪ Baby is an awful lot ♪
♪ Like me ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Don't cry out loud! ♪
♪ Just keep it inside ♪
♪ And learn how to hide
your feelings ♪
♪ Fly high ♪
♪ And proud! ♪
♪ And if you should fall ♪
♪ Remember you almost ♪
♪ Had it-- ♪
- Stop it!
I have no idea
how everything changed
so quickly,
but I can't take it anymore!
I--I can't take the dogs,
I can't the standing desks,
I can't take the "no bar,"
okay?
All this immature hazing
and the endless bombardment
of people all wanting
something from me
all day long!
It's not normal!
- Told you she wasn't ready
to come back.
[knocking]
[door clicks open]
- Honey, you have a visitor.
- I'm really not in the mood
to see anybody right now, so...
If it's Max or Simon,
you can tell them
to take a hike.
- [sighs]
- I said I...
- Hello.
- Oh.
Hi.
Well, so nice of you
to visit me here,
but don't you have
better things to do?
Like running
a multi-national corporation?
- Yes, I do,
but when I saw you run away
from work like that,
I was worried.
- [sighs]
- I want you to know you
don't have to take this job.
- Joan...
- It was wrong of me
to put so much pressure on you
during a time
when you're still grieving.
I just wanted to have
my successor in place
before I left.
- Where are you going?
- Well, I'm going to Singapore,
heading up the entire
Asian division of the company.
It's a big promotion.
It's been in the works
for a while.
- Singapore?
That's a big move.
- Yes, it's a big change,
but there's too many ghosts
here in this city,
and I'm ready
for something new.
You can't be afraid of change.
I don't have anything
holding me here.
[somber music]
♪ ♪
And I just want you to know
whatever you decide,
it's okay.
I can't possibly walk
a mile in your shoes...
are those your shoes
from when you were a toddler?
- [chuckles]
- Eh, I don't wanna know.
[sighs]
- I'm gonna miss you.
- I'm gonna miss you too.
- [sighs]
- Now's not a good time.
- Are you welding?
- No, I'm making crème brûlées
for a marginal friend's
housewarming party.
I'm at the crucial time
when I start brûléeing before
everything gets ruined.
- Okay, well, I won't take up
too much of your time.
I just wanted to talk
about that idea
you said the other night.
- Which idea?
I have thousands of ideas.
- The one about the restaurant
that serves food
from other restaurants.
I think it could be a thing.
Like, the thing.
And with my tech background
and your creative vision,
it might be
the perfect partnership.
- Huh, and what about your
"great unicorn business" idea?
- Well, they're called unicorns
because they don't exist.
- No, they're called unicorns
'cause they have one horn.
- That's not my point.
Look, could we just brainstorm
about it for a bit,
and if you hate it, we never
have to mention it again.
- Fine, we can discuss it
but only after I'm finished.
- Don't worry, I'll totally
stay out of your way.
- Stay out of my way?
You're helping.
Come on, I made 200 of them.
Grab that.
- 200?
Can I have one?
- No.
- Oh, okay, fine.
Phew.
- This Northern California
couple
is looking for
a new adventure.
They don't wanna
just buy a home,
they wanna purchase a property
with a vineyard.
- I feel like there's something
wrong with me.
- And we're on the wine trip.
- Is this a working vineyard?
- These are more--
- That's a pretty
big statement.
Care to elaborate?
- [sighs]
I just don't know how to exist
in the world anymore.
I really don't.
Nothing makes sense...
Like, every little thing,
every decision--
- Can I tell you a secret?
I don't know how either.
I'm even having a hard time
holding the baby.
Your dad and I were so excited
about being grandparents,
and now every time
I'm near Miles,
I just feel guilty.
It's, like, how is it that
I get to experience this joy
and not him?
How is that fair?
I just--I cannot process
how someone so alive
and so vital is just...
Not here.
- Is this normal?
- I think we left normal
the day we got the diagnosis.
- Hey, can you guys
come in here?
Don't be mad.
I couldn't help myself.
I thought maybe
you'd wanna see this.
- David, I don't...
I...
[warm music]
- Maggie...
♪ ♪
I hope at this point
you'd know
how I feel about you,
but just in case
you need to be reminded...
I love you.
Always.
Forever.
- Okay, I don't get it.
How is he--
- Good days and bad days.
- I know there's no road map
for moving on,
but what I do know
is that you have to move on.
It was a glorious gift
being able to spend
the time I had
on this planet with my family,
which is why I don't want you
or the kids
to squander the time
after I'm gone
being depressed about it.
There are far better things
you could all be doing.
As I sit here
feeling my body betray me,
I can't help but think back
on some of
our favorite memories.
Like that one summer in Italy.
Just you and me
at that little villa.
- [laughs]
- All night...
- Hey.
[laughter]
- Don't you wanna
see the rest?
- No, I think that one
is meant to be private.
I'll watch it by myself
later on.
[bell dings]
Dinner's ready.
Help me set the table.
[Fun's "Carry On"]
♪ ♪
- ♪ Well, I woke up to
the sound of silence ♪
♪ The cars were cutting
like knives ♪
♪ In a fist fight ♪
♪ ♪
- ♪ And I found you with
a bottle of wine ♪
♪ Your head in the curtains ♪
♪ And heart like
the Fourth of July ♪
♪ You swore
and said we are not ♪
♪ We are not shining stars ♪
♪ This I know ♪
♪ I never said we are ♪
♪ Though I've never been
through hell like that ♪
♪ I've closed enough windows ♪
♪ To know you can
never look back ♪
- ♪ If you're lost and alone ♪
♪ Or you're sinking
like a stone ♪
♪ Carry on ♪
- ♪ May your past
be the sound ♪
♪ Of your feet
upon the ground ♪
♪ And carry on ♪
all: ♪ Carry on, carry on ♪
- ♪ So I met up ♪
♪ With some friends in the edge
of the night ♪
♪ At a bar off 75 ♪
♪ And we talked and talked ♪
♪ About how our parents
will die ♪
♪ All our neighbors and wives ♪
- ♪ And it's nice to know ♪
♪ When I was left for dead ♪
♪ I was found and now
I don't roam these streets ♪
♪ I am not the ghost
you want of me ♪
all: ♪ If you're lost
and alone ♪
♪ Or you're sinking
like a stone ♪
♪ Carry on ♪
♪ May your past be the sound ♪
♪ Of your feet upon
the ground ♪
♪ Carry on ♪
♪ Carry on, carry on ♪
[chatter]
- So I made a decision,
and I decided
I'm taking over
the entire fourth floor.
- I didn't know
that was an option.
- It was, and it is.
So I'm doing it.
Which means you will be
Manager of Engineering
all by yourself.
No co-anything.
- Well, that's--that's great.
- It also means
I'll still be your boss
just with more power
and oversight.
- Also great.
- I think so too.
[energetic music]
- Excuse me, I'm just trying--
- [growling]
[barks]
- Okay, okay.
♪ ♪
- And you, quit with
the stupid hazing,
and be nice to George
from now on.
This is a workplace,
and it's not kind
or appropriate, understand?
♪ ♪
- [whispers] I know.
- You know what?
- I know you said something
to Tobin earlier.
You saw that he wasn't
treating me well,
and well, you spoke up,
and not a lot of people
would've done that.
- I just could tell
it was bothering you deeply,
and it's my job as boss
to say something when
a colleague is in pain.
- First of all, thank you
for calling me a colleague.
That literally
means everything.
And second, whatever you
told him really did the trick
because he is
a different person.
Hey.
And I just wanted to say
Zoey Anne Clarke.
- Not my middle name.
- What?
I don't know why
I thought that.
Really?
- Nope.
- Okay.
[laughs]
Agree to disagree.
I just wanted to say
it's not often that people
stick out their necks
for one another,
especially for someone
they just met.
And for me,
small acts of kindness
like that...
[warm music]
Are gigantic.
♪ ♪
In my mind,
you are a superhero.
[laughs]
♪ ♪
I'm sorry, do you think--
do you think it'd be okay
if I gave you a hug?
- Yes, George,
that would be fine.
- [laughs]
Mmm, oh, that felt--
Oh.
[laughs]
[whispers] Hugs.
Mmm.
[sighs]
[Fun's "Carry On"
instrumental]
♪ ♪
[music shifts upbeat]
[knocks]
- Come in.
- Hi.
Hey, um, sorry to drop by
like this.
Um, I just--
I got really excited
about something,
and I wanted to tell someone,
well, you, about it.
- What is it?
- Okay, well,
completely accidentally,
Mo and I came up with
this kinda crazy, kinda cool
super ambitious idea
that I think
is actually something,
but Mo is your friend first,
and I could tell you were
a little weirded out
the other day
when you came over
and saw us all
hanging out together,
so I won't move forward with it
if it makes you uncomfortable.
- You should absolutely
move forward with it
if you believe in it, you know?
- Mm-hmm.
- You always have
to move forward.
Um...
Speaking of...
I'm well aware
that you and I
have yet to talk about
what happened that night.
- Yes.
- The night.
And I've certainly had the time
to think about it, so...
[dramatic music]
- [sighs]
I feel like I'm waiting
for a drumroll or something.
[laughs]
- It's just, you know,
you have to make choices
in life,
carry on right or wrong.
So...
♪ ♪
[rock music]